I am BHUSHAN G Y studying engineering at the regional Government Engineering College(Bangalore,Karnataka,India) in Computer Science subject. 
The course that i am applying for is not covered in the syllabus of my university.
Moreover I am very much interested in learning python and gaining the required skills and applying the same to solve some real life problems. 
But as mentioned my annual income is not sufficient to pay the course fee as I am still in the studying phase. 
Most part of the income( $300)  is used for paying the college fee and other medical expenses. 
Also I have other siblings who are also studying . 
As a result it would be difficult to manage all the expenses . 
I also suffer from type-1 Diabetes for which i have to shell most part of the income($400) for getting the required medicines. 
Apart from that as I live in a rented house , rent is also a costly factor for me.
Apart from that, it's a great opportunity to learn from the professors from the world-class universities like Stanford University which I believe would be a wonderful experience.

So I kindly request the authorities at Coursera to kindly accept my financial aid application
and do the needful.







Data Science being a field in high demand, I want to complete this course by University of Michigan. 
This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. 
It will help perform better in carrying out data science and give me an edge over my competitors. 
A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses.
But as mentioned my annual income is not sufficient to pay the course fee as I am still in the studying phase. 
Most part of the income( $300)  is used for paying the college fee and other medical expenses. 
As written above, Coursera has been not only suggested by my student peers but also our college faculty ,and so following their prestigious advice, I would be glad to gain more knowledge and hone my skills with this course.
Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I think will supplement my learning. 
I also plan to grade assignments which are peer reviewed which I believe will be an invaluable learning opportunity.

So I kindly request the authorities at Coursera to kindly accept my financial aid application
and do the needful.
